I couldn't complete this survey because I teach completely online
Get basic, and refurbish the basic physical plant in old buildings. new paint jobs, etc. All
the computer technology is far less important than everyone thinks it is and is even
having a deleterious effect,transforming the classroom into just more television.
As long as the AV works I'm happy enough. I'd also really love to be able to control the
AC
Don't have huge (or any) monitors suspended in the air that block the students view of
the board. It is very frustrating when one has only a very small board with which to
teach, a full room of students and the view of a large portion of the board blocked for a
large number of students by a monitor and lectern that can not be moved out of the way
sufficiently to allow viewing. Don't have any other "technologies" "enhance" teaching by
blocking the proven and highly successful technology called a blackboard.
We need better rooms for seminars.
Thanks for asking my opinion!
New Lighting Board for control of the lights; new sound system for classroom use. We
have a speaker system from the booth but need a mobile sound system for teaching in
every class in TrDa held in building J.
My needs are pretty basic overall, just need the ability to project computer screens. Not
having access is particularly problematic because I teach GPAC courses that require
oral presentations from students but then I do not have the technology to project them.
While AcadTech is helpful, the projectors require significant set up and it is difficult to get
everything lined up in the short time slot between classes, particularly if I'm coming from
another class in another part of campus. This means I lose crucial educational time for
set up.
a table to hold tablet and connect to screen close to the students.
In all the classrooms that have lanterns, these lanterns block a significant portion of the
black- or whiteboards. This results in a huge waste of writing real estate and/or
frustrating experience for students. It would be great if the lanterns could be move out of
the way altogether or at least be made mobile.
Whiteboard paint on walls doesn't work. Also, larger classrooms would perhaps make
our department think about changing some of our courses from multiple small sections
to large courses (with TA sessions). Then we'd also want lecture capture.
Please install LCD projectors in more classrooms!!! Needed for power points and
showing video clips So often, I'm assigned classrooms without these, and it's extremely
tedious to have to get all the equipment from Funger and wheel it to a classroom in
Rome or other locations - including the Elliot School once the Acad Tech Office closes
down there in a couple of weeks. I can't imagine having to wheel equipment from
Funger all the way to the Elliott School and back.
I appreciate this survey!
none
We need spaces that allow for technology use (projection, wife, computers, laptop hook
up, remote presence, etc as well as being able to handle handle large prints on a table
as well as on a wall for critiques. Movable tables and chairs is ideal. Lighting for critique
wall (magnetic would be great).
More raised seating across the board. Despite my requests I can rarely get these
rooms. Many times I am packed into smaller rooms.
A lot of the issues are maintenance issues, such as having markers or chalk in the room.
I had a real problem in Funger 108 last semester when I repeatedly reported problems
with broken furniture in the front of the room blocking the board, and the maintenance
staff would not remove it, or they'd remove it one day and it would be back the next day.
Faculty should go into classrooms that are in condition to be used; we shouldn't have to
start each class by hauling trash out of the way.
Acoustics need attention throughout the Flagg building. The sound quality of a room can
greatly impact a student's performance in courses that depends on lively discussions.
I am really glad you are asking these questions. In my sixteen years at GW, classroom
scheduling and academic technologies have ALWAYS known more about teaching than
I. The sciences are forced into large lecture halls that do not even come close to what is
necessary. Screens routinely cover whiteboards and my requests for stand alone
whiteboards to compensate have been met with scorn.
Every classroom needs a projector and computer. I get one unpredictably and have to
replan my class each time based on this.
Additional storage space for class inks and chemistry
I would love to see some serious reconsideration of the timebands. Most classes in
Human Services fall at either the 11:10-1pm or 5:10-7pm timebands to incorporate
service-learning. However, there are very few appropriate classroom spaces during
those time periods for our classes. Instead, there is always a conflict with the other
timebands. It would be helpful have weekly afternoon (2-4 or 3-4:50) options.
My current room (in Bell) has very nice modern equipment, and movable chairs. Yet the
experience teaching there is sub par because the room is overheated and if full of noise
from pipes, wall units etc. I was surprised that such nice equipment was installed in an
antiquated room ill fit for teaching.
I often find the eraser for the whiteboard is missing in classrooms. Often I have to use
tissue.
In most classroom contexts, I have been *very pleased* with the resources available for
teaching.
As a person with a hearing impairment, a center aisle is critical to my being able to
interact with students. My course materials require high quality video and sound
reinforcement. My students rely on lecture capture to review complex material (they
don't skip class!). I review the capture "heat maps" to identify sections of lectures that
students review most frequently. I use Blackboard intensively for out-of-class
assignments.
The list of options included movable tables and chairs with wheels. I do not think wheels
are necessary (in fact they are a disadvantage when tables and chairs slip & slide--
students do not know/use the locking devices on wheels). But non-wheels option not
provided on the survey.
Different types of classes obviously need different features. But this is completely
ignored in the scheduling process, which only asks whether "technology classroom" is
needed. Improvements in classrooms will not be effective without a more robust
scheduling system.
Many of the quoted features can be provided by a good tablet, or, better, by lecture
tablets. It replaces whiteboard, lecture capture, document camera and remote
assistance to lecture. My students can pay attention to math derivations and do not have
to copy from the blackboard, because it will be on-line available after the lectures. For
in-class discussion of student's work, they send me programs per email and I can
display them in a second. For student's solutions derived on paper, I take a picture with
my tablet and display it for everyone. I use my 12 inch tablet + stylus for this, but there
are better/more professional solutions available, at a fraction of the price of, e.g.,
interactive blackboards+ dedicated document camera+ ...
It would be nice if classrooms were cleaner.
Thanks for asking!
As an Elliott School professor, i would like to have all my courses assigned to 1957 E St.
without having to request a reassignment.
An afternoon housekeeping sweep of all the embarrassing trash before evening grad
classes after the use all day.
Having built-in clickers would be great for student engagement and participation, that for
all classrooms.
Need windows and better storage for a painting and drawing studio.
The very fancy technology rooms are great, but even more than that, I need moving
desks.
I have a large complaint about the fact that none of the rooms that I have taught in at
GW have clocks on the walls. I try to be interactive with students and I don't like to look
down at my watch during a discussion. If there is a clock in the back of the room, I can
gauge time without being obvious about the fact that I am doing that.
Lots of good quality (i.e., cleanly erasable) chalkboards or whiteboards is what we
mathematicians need for teaching. A seating arrangement that allows students to work
occasionally in groups is also desirable.
In addition to the basic technology, all of our classrooms should have basic features that
will create a conducive learning environment. Over the years, due to the lack of
temperature control in classrooms, I had to deal with freezing temperatures and
students' complaints (some of them got sick due to these conditions). Natural light is also
crucial - a lot of our classrooms are like closed boxes with white walls and no decoration
(a reminder of certain institutions/detention spaces). Our graduate students are working
professionals and expect conducive working/learning environments (especially given our
tuition).
Markers in classroom. White boards. White board paint isntead of boards is dumb.
I honestly believe that in this day and age, the available technology in the classrooms
should all be consistent. If in fact there are prof's here who are not integrating technology
into the classroom, this does not seem appropriate.
Wifi needs to be stronger in the large classrooms.
The most important thing for a seminar is a large, single seminar table that can sit up to
20 students. That is crucial for enabling student-centered discussion, presentation, etc. I
am concerned that this did not even appear as an option on the list. I worry that with the
rush to add technology, the most fundamentally important features of a classroom get
lost.
A credible university campus should offer at least projection capability and a lectern in
each and every classroom.
When courses are offered two or more days per week, they should not be assigned to a
different classroom on each day. A single class should be assigned a single classroom
for that semester. Changing classrooms from, e.g., Monday to Wednesday each week is
jarring to both professors and students and inhibits the pedagogical process.
I strongly suggest that the above-mentioned problem is revisited by Academic Tech
office (I've reported the problem to them but they still haven't responded or troubleshot
since last fall) and made some changes once again per my input above.
Thank you
Temperature control is an issue in a number of lecture rooms.
All rooms should have 1. Access to a large screen. Projectors are expensive. A
Samsung large screen costs just a bit more than one projector bulb. 2. Access to CCAS
cloud on all existing computer-projector or computer-LED set ups. Other stuff: 3. Is
there any way to cut down on the login time on university classroom workstations? 4. I
used to be a big fan of white boards. But after facing uncleanable boards and forgetting
expensive markers, I have renewed by love of low-tech chalkboards. Chalk is cheap and
ubiquitous.
Based on my experience with the SEH, GW's decision-making processes with regard to
physical facilities currently result in very high cost for sub-optimal space. Please involve
teaching faculty much more integrally in this classroom planning process. This survey is
a first step, but is just a start.
Rooms should have lecture capture and microphones that can pick up students as well
as wireless mic for instructor.
I teach a class about digital strategy in politics in a classroom that was modern maybe
20 years ago. I already get pretty good reviews, but could do so much more with multiple
high-definition screens. I can't really teach metrics because the projection screen is so
low-resolution that students can't read the numbers! Many students bring laptops, but
they're sitting in old-school desk/chair combos too small for laptops and anything else.
It is embarassing to teach in so called IT rooms without smart boards. Students come
from an environment where smart boards are de riguer and the local jurisdictions have
smart boards in elem-12 grade. Faculty do not access to the technology; we look
backward. Given the tuition students pay, one has to wonder where the $$$ are going to
support academics. This is not an issue of scarce resources, it is administrators and
trustees making bonehead choices for at least three white elephants handicapping
academic excellence.
Seats that move are preferable to those that do not. A projector in every classroom
(such as in Monroe Hall) seems like a basic necessity.
The page about what's missing in my "current" classroom is unclear. I get assigned
wildly different rooms for this class every semester. Some are pretty good. Some have
next to nothing that I have requested on my CTL form.
Eckles 112 is soundproof, and it is the only classroom on MVC that I can use, since I am
hearing impaired; however, I am trapped in a schedule that is detrimental and cannot
change, since it's the only classroom that I can use.
Classroom Technology Requests are a mystery to me. Many times I have specifically
asked for technology classrooms and submitted my requests on time, and yet more than
once have I found that I received no technology classrooms. So I put in another request
for an appropriate classroom. What is the object of Classroom Technology Requests--
and the warning about being on time if you want to get the classroom--if you are not
going to get it anyway? This is the first semester--I've been teaching at GW fulltime for
almost 20 years--that received what I requested. It is my hope that someone will ensure
that Classroom Technology Requests are more responsive to the needs of faculty who
actually use them.
The air system is loud in one of my rooms (Ames B117). My students and I find the
temperature in the rooms uncomfortable, but there isn't anything I can do about that. I
also am frustrated by the fact that I need to move from one classroom to another. I
teach three courses back-to-back. I use the computer a great deal in order to project
relevant materials on the screen. I often spend ten to fifteen minutes reconfiguring
equipment in the next classroom and opening various windows in order to show the
students the material. If stayed in the same classroom, I could use that time to meet
with students and I also wouldn't need to waste time at the start of each class. Staying
in the same room would give me at least 90 minutes -- let me repeat that, 90 minutes --
of extra time for instruction or for meeting with students. I also would like to say that I
often find that someone has messed with the equipment in the room and I spend time
trying to reconfigure the equipment -- something I am not well versed in and which I find
frustrating class session after class session.
Assigning the same classroom for consecutive classes would save set-up time and give
instructors more time with students.
I'd like to request that the administrators who organize rooms for my department (UW)
please book us into the same classroom for consecutive UW classes, to help us reduce
set-up time. It would be great if students could meet in the same class all three days
rather than in one class on Tue and Thu and another on Fri.
For reasons I don't understand, on the Vern we switch classrooms for Friday class and
it's surprisingly disruptive--on a regular basis for the first three or four weeks of class,
students end up at the wrong place, and I have to do a daily reminder to be in the right
place. The classrooms in Ames are SO much better than in Acad the difference is kind
of a shock.
Temperature control and noise levels in in these Acad rooms is terrible. The windowmounted
AC units are very loud, and the single-pane glass does nothing to stop the
noise of leaf-blowers. Multiple times each fall (and even spring) I have to ask Mt Vernon
administrative assistants to go please tell the leaf-blowing staff to stop.
More white board space would be extremely useful in general (and often very cost
efficient). I realize that this is difficult to achieve, since the low ceilings in most
classrooms prevent the installation of white boards that can be moved up and down.
(This is the most useful setup in general; see, for instance, Duques 251.) But at least two
walls should have white boards across the entire length of the wall in low ceiling
classrooms, if possible. Thank you.
Need better consistency in scheduling. If I teach the same class 3 or 4 times in a row
(same day), it would be nice not to have to move rooms. It would also be great not to
have different rooms on different days for the same class. Lastly, please consider
incorporating principles of Universal Design as much as possible. Any
changes/improvements should be disability friendly and allow as many people as
possible to use the space without additional accommodation.
A specialized room for virtual-reality 3d simulations and projections. This kind of room
would double as a teaching/learning classroom as well as for possible outreach activities
for general public and for hosting special events.
Corcoran 15C is small, and the cramped size impedes teaching of painting and drawing.
Corcoran studios 6 and 7 are good studios but as classes eventually resume optimal
size will not easily accommodate full classes.
I would also like to note that the classroom by 6:10 was filthy. Students often bring things
to eat and have trash. There were never trash cans in the classrooms- so each time
class started I had to collect the trash from previous classes and throw it away. It was
embarrassing.
I would love to see more resources (not just $$ but also proactive staff) made available
to professors wishing to implement active learning in classes. This would go BEYOND
BLACKBOARD® and include strategies and techniques from the best educators out
there.
The people in the office in charge of classroom assignments need to inspect classrooms
at least twice a year. The photos online do not show classrooms in their current
condition. The classrooms are dirty and littered, with stained and frayed carpeting and
broken-down desks. It is embarrassing when speakers from the professional community
meet with students (I've had to vacuum and clip off carpet threads in advance), as well
as disrespectful to students at a high-tuition university.
Please make Academic building more accessible to all students.
When asking what time band faculty typically teach, allow for more than one choice (i.e
semesters when I teach four sections I teach from 8:30 - 2:15).
In general, it is rare for me to get a seminar room with a table, though the majority of my
courses have fewer than 25 students. Ideally, one would ask for such a room with
daylight, computer and projection equipment, a blackboard or whiteboard, and
temperature control, similar to Rome 771.
Having one classroom for my three contiguous classes has been very important. I'm able
to set up once and have that setup for all classes--very important given the slowness of
the GW computers/projectors to get up and running. It also allows me to meet with
students in between classes, which is valuable for students and their difficult schedules.
There are some classrooms that work especially well for small seminar courses and
should be prioritized for those courses - e.g. classrooms with moveable seats. It would
be very helpful if consecutive classes could be assigned to the same classroom and
classes could have the same room every day of the week (I teach two courses in three
different rooms).
Hot classroom has bee the most consistently disrupting problem, every time.
The HVAC system in Ames B105 (and most time I've been in, in that building), makes it
hard to hold class discussions.
I don't have enough seats in either of my classes. The students have to go out and look
for additional seats. In one of my classes we need space for presenting scenes. We
don't have that space. We are also packed into a tiny room without a window for two
and a half hours! It wears us out.
If at all possible, it would be much, much better for professors and their classes if we
have consistent room assignments for sections that follow one another. I teach at 10AM
and 11:30AM, and for the first week of class my two sections were in different
classrooms. Running back and forth, and trying to set everything up again, threw off the
rythm of the class. I was lucky enough to be able to move one of my classes so we are
now in the same room, but it was frustrating to even have to jump through a number of
hoops in order to get my classes in order. Another problem are those television units in
much of ACAD. ACAD101 doesn't have one, but other classrooms I have used in that
building have had them. They are incredibly frustrating and hard to use. Given the layout
of the rooms, I usually have to haul them around so everyone can see the screen, and
even then a number of students miss out. Then, they get to see everything as I am
setting up. I'm not comfortable with my student getting a daily look at my work email.
Most importantly, they waste a great deal of class time. I would much rather have a
projection system so I don't have to spend significant class time trying to work with those
televisions.
We need an additional lab space - ideally in Old Main so that our lab manager and
graduate students can continue to assist students in person during office hours. The
configuration and capacity of our current space is ideal. A similar space would be ideal -
even with a lower capacity (20 students) to accommodate our graduate level GIS
classes. We reply on adjuncts to teach our geospatial classes - both the undergraduate
and graduate classes. Our current lab is heavily scheduled - therefore most of our
undergraduate classes have to be moved to day-time slots exclusively (beginning Fall
2016), meaning some of our existing adjuncts (with full time jobs) will not be able to
teach undergraduate classes for us in future. We have the student demand, and the
faculty (two new potential adjuncts) to offer additional sections, and new offereings, we
just don't have the space to accommodate the classes.
I'd like to use a student response system but don't know what and would want it to be
easy.
Configure more classrooms for active learning
We can use existing on-line technology to make the classrooms more interactive. For
example, I use WebEx during some in-class lectures for polling, collecting answers, etc.
No need to have expensive, dedicated technology such as clickers, etc, we can use the
existing on-line technologies. I can even transfer presenter role to any student to share
his/her screen. Again, no need for expensive wiring solutions. All we need for this is
good wifi connections, and be creative and get more versatile/educated with the use of
current on-line technologies.
The trainer assigned to me was very excited about resources I do not need; I need a
written reference sheet for "the basics." The telephone resource has been very
important to me and the tech assistants very helpful. I do want to use these resources
effectively for the class.