TEMPERATURE CONTROL IN MPA 302! THE ROOM IS OVERHEATED AT ALL
TIMES!
Always Blackboards over whiteboards. They are better in every regard, more
dependable, easier to erase, not dependent on magic markers that run dry so quickly. .. .
etc.
Extra big multiple blackboards. To teach mathematics well you need them and nothing
can replace them.
Better temperature cotrol in Monroe 111 - it's hot enough to make instructors and
students feel ill.
Projectors in Monroe 252 and 350 because there aren't any. Quieter fan in Rome B103
because no one can hear what anyone says, including me. That particular classroom in
Rome is an embarrassment.
Markers for whiteboard need to be there and have ink in them
Temperature control and a permanent whiteboard in Funger 103. Also the classroom is
filthy.
Projection screen and whiteboard/black board MUST NOT overlap.
1957E. Move screen or use a slighly smaller screen so that it does not cover most of the
white board. Need enough light for the whiteboard so that people in the back row can
see it clearly.
multiple chalkboards in all classrooms that aren't covered by the screen.
Temperature control Elliott b17
Do not hide the white boards under the screens.
Funger, rooms are big enough and well equipped
I have no idea what Rome 201 is. For my advance lab class that is not important
I really don't like chalkboards - can we use only whiteboards? When I am assigned a
room with only blackboards, I always ask for a rollaway whiteboard. Temperature
control is often a problem - MPA basement classrooms always too cold. Despite
multiple Fixit requests, students were wearing winter coats in class. (I am not
exaggerating!) Other times, Phillips classrooms way too hot. The thermostats in the
room should work and should allow adjustments.
Several class rooms have screens that cover most of the boards. Or screens are in the
front of room and boards are on the side. This is not satisfactory.
In general, I would like chairs that can be moved for student group discussion. However,
I also like the tiered classroom that allows students to see the board and projection
screen better.
Some of the classes on K street are just not conducive for class sizes above 12
students. Although I no longer teach in that location, but my experience teaching there
was nothing to write home about.
The all-renovated Corcroan Hall will take care of all our needs, we hope...
1) whiteboard paint on ALL wall surfaces (to enhance student participation and
exchange) 2) ability to share student laptops on all classroom screens
We need computer projectors in all classrooms, plain and simple. Students have
consistently remarked on my evaluations that they "feel bad" that the professor has no
tech to teach with, or that she has to lug her own low quality projector around.
Remote attendance software and additional microphones Duques 251
Dimmer board in building J $11,000.00 for all creative dance classes and performances
on the weekend.
Replace blackboards in Corcoran 101, they are a pain to write on. Install larger
whiteboards in MPA 309 and 310, the current ones are too small.
The third floor of the ESIA building: it would perhaps be cheaper to put in a wired TV
screen and computer rather than a projector in the rooms.
Extra whiteboards in Phillips 511, instructor's computer in Bell 105, less noisy projector
in Bell 105
Used Apple TV to wirelessly project my powerpoints (from my iPad or phone) in Science
and Engineering Building (old one, not the new one) and it was fabulous.
Not enough classrooms between 120 and 150 seats
Most important: Whiteboard (or 2) need to be seen at the same time as projector screen.
Not always the case in my assigned rooms. 2020 K street is particularly bad for student
visibility of both (and visibility in general from back rows). Seating should be tiered
whenever possible. Fix the temperature in MPA 3rd floor rooms.
Installing lecterns with PCs would be great so I don't need to carry my laptop to class.
Also, Duques 3rd floor rooms don't really work well with Macs (connections are bad), so I
had to check out a laptop for classes - having a workstation would be great.
We are in need of another dance studio to accommodate all student needs.
Projectors with laptop connections should be standard in all classrooms or at least a
large majority of them so scheduling is easier. Large, easily accessible, and viewable
whiteboards or chalkboards should be standard and not blocked by projector screen.
Reduce the height of the podium in Phillips B157 it interferes with the whiteboard.
Rome 459 had a non-functional projector and the sightlines made it hard to see the
board in the front from many seats.
Please install instructor's computer or even better, instructor's podium with all the
technologies ready.
LCD Projectors in classrooms with moveable seating on the 3rd floor of the Elliott School
Smaller class sizes throughout most classrooms but particularly funger. Classes of 40
and 50 work well in many spaces that are available. If we are keeping 70-100 size
classrooms, we could use larger classroom space.
none
Clocks in all class rooms.
SEH 1400: The high tables make no sense. It makes it very hard to write on the board
and have the students see.
Design computer podiums so they can be moved out of the way or lowered so they do
not block boards. Or just get rid of computers in the classrooms.
Flagg Building, Computer Lab B: Black or white permanent pinnable critique wall space.
One way to solve that problem would be to get the retractable projection screens the
Corcoran had at the Georgetown campus back, so that the wall behind it could be
covered with pinnable material. Moving the AC units away from the projection wall.
Mount the projector above the center table. It is impossible to see everyone in a
discussion and planning group with the current installation at table level. Sound control.
The Flagg building suffers from poor acoustics. Lab B is either graveyard quiet or
echoes too much. This is not conducive to class discussions and peer communication,
which are especially important to Freshmen projects and critiques on all levels. The
room is simply too tall and feels intimidating. Shy instructors or students would be greatly
diminished by it. The AC units are blowing a great swath of cold air on most student
work stations when in use. Lowering the ceilings and blowing the cold air against them
might help. The lighting needs to be adjustable. Currently, the lights are high up and take
a long time to return to full strength after having been switched off (in a closet next door).
Lectures are held in a darkened room with a projection screen. A couple of legacy
torchières are currently helping out. But the main problem is the height of the room
which results in too little light for critiques, and the existing lights cannot be turned off in
a meaningful way during projection screen lectures. Oddly, there is too much furniture to
move around in the room comfortably. There are chairs for each work station, but a
separate set for the very important center table. It would be better for the students to
move the work station chairs to the center table when needed. A door with a glass
window—less disturbance.
less lecture spaces and more mixed format like ESIA 211 that has movable chairs but
can also be a lecture.
Return garbage cans to classrooms
If we want to make the sciences interactive, the rooms need to allow for that. Need to
be able to move table around, let students work on problems and have the instructor or
other TA swop in. Not talking scale up here- just regular old lecture.
The lectern holding the computer should be moved off to the side. That one is easy. If
there is a way to move the drop down projection screens so that they don't block the
whiteboards, that would be better!
more table / counter workspace in Studio 9-2 Flagg
Move the podium in Duques 651 and 652 away from the screen so that the instructor
has enough room to stand and move around.
Dual monitors are needed when teaching a course with software. One monitor is used to
present lecture and the other monitor is used to illustrate software.
Microphones for student participation in MPA B07. I am not sure how they would work -
but it would be very helpful if students could be heard by everyone.
I use traditional methods (PowerPoints, video, etc.), as well as actively involve my
students in group and team projects. So, I need a classroom that is versatile with
moveable seats, whiteboards (allergic to the dust with Blackboards) and technology.
Because I request A/V equipment, I often get rooms much larger than what I need for my
class. It would be useful to have more smaller classrooms that have a computer and a
projector. Otherwise it seems wasteful.
Computers in classrooms in the academic center tend to be very slow and old.
It'll be nice to have a whiteboard available, especially if the screen cover the existing
blackboard.
As long as there is a lectern (or equivalent) with desktop computer, wifi connection,
speakers, projector, and whiteboards ... I have what I need to effectively deliver my
course material.
Some classes are still using blackboards and chalk: old technology, dusty and dirty.
Should be replaced by whiteboards and markers.
Upgrade HVAC in Bell 108 for air circulation
Please don't mount TV screens over whiteboard.
Rome 459: Add option of Saveable settings on the computer for individual instructors'
needs. Change to whiteboards; the blackboards are quite messy with chalk dust
everywhere (including on the computer lecturn). The computer lecturn obstructs the
view of the screen on the opposite side of the room and the lighting over the screen is
not adjustable; moving the screen to the center would not solve the problem completely,
bc the lecturn would still obstruct view of some people, but it would be better than
nothing. The furniture is moveable in that room but there is so much of it (too many
tables) that it's not realistic to actually do it for any given class. Cork board would be a
good addition in place of one of the blackboards, too. This room is not one of the really
bad ones on campus, but it could be greatly improved with these rather small changes.
All classrooms need clocks.
ability to use white board and screens simultaneously so that reference materials can be
shown while engaging class in activity that involves listing or drawing on whiteboard;
also, just to be able to transition more smoothly and quickly from one to the other
I would like to see ALL the classrooms in 1957 E St. equipped with (1) laptops and
screens; (2) doc cams, and (3) internet access.
In TOMP 209, 211, and perhaps others as well, the projection screens are in awkward
corners of the room. While it's great that they don't cover up the whiteboards, it would be
best to update the configurations so they are not so far from the computer stand/desk
and not in such awkward corners.
Lighting configuration in MPA need to allow total OFF for lights in front on projection
screen while keeping lights totally ON for the rest of the class. Currently, the settings
require the class to sit in semi-darkness in order that the screen not be washed out by
light.
Room 405 Gelman- Remove old TV and VCR and replace by LCD Projector, with
speakers and White board.
Extra LCD display in Duques 2nd and 3rd floor classrooms.
Just a basic digital projector and computer in the studio would be a good start. Better
overhead and adjustable spots and regular lights .
The rolling desks are very nice. They make it much easier to do short small-group
activities without a lot of hassle.
extra whiteboards in Duques 151 - placed somewhere else in the room besides behind
the projector screens
Temperature is a problem...usually too hot.
It would be good to have built in computers (with nice visualization capabilities rather
then old laptops) in scale-up rooms. One computer per 3-4 students would suffice. They
should be connected to projects and instructor should be able to see the student screens
as well as student should be able to see the instructor's computer/laptop screen. It is still
important to maintain the scale-up room configuration with round tables (to allow student
groups to interact easily) and instructor being able to easily walk around and interact
with the students.
Nothing major. Main problem we face is that we don't have enough suitable classrooms
in the SMPA building. But the rooms themselves are good.
Please see my previous selections.
Some of the classrooms in Philips have TVs where a blackboard should be.
Having basic LCD/computer setup in every classroom.
Ensure easy access to computer + projector, fast turn on for all equipment, regularly
checked
More seminar rooms with tables -- all the technology makes a mockery of 'active
learning,' esp. when there is no seminar table.
Round tables and computers in rooms assigned to Principles of economics GTAs,
Relating to classroom designing, the redesigning of Monroe 352, my usual classroom,
and the adjacent smart classrooms last summer - primarily by modifying the technical
equipment setup - has been a disaster for me and professors who use the adjacent
classrooms regularly. This change made no sense and it has been a huge negative
impact on my and others' effectiveness in teaching. The new tech setup literally
obstructs nearly 1/3 of students' view of the projection screen with the lectern in the
middle due to relocation of the screen (from the corner side of the ceiling near the
windows to the middle, directly above the whiteboard). My colleagues and I are
disappointed that the Academic Tech office failed to consult with us before last summer
before replacing all ceiling-mounted LCD projectors and relocating the projection
screens. It would be great if someone like you to come to Monroe 352 and take a look,
especially by sitting on a chair by the window. I have no doubt that you will agree with
me (and others) that this new setup is an embarrassment for me and other professors in
the eyes of students. In every class session since August, my students who sat in that
1/3 side of the room (by the windows) were always frustrated because they couldn't see
the videos and visual prompts that I show in every class session.
Extra tables in Philips/Rome to allow small class/ seminar type
Provide instructor computers for all rooms in 2020K street. It is otherwise extremely
inconvenient to check out a laptop every time and hope that the wifi connection on it
works. It happened to me before that I couldn't access wifi to demonstrate some crucial
content on Blackboard and thus had to modify my lesson plan on the fly. Markers are
also a problem on the whole campus. I carry my own set of markers with me, as it is not
always possible to expect that they will be available in a given classroom. The problem
has gotten significantly worse since the beginning of the semester.
A basic classroom should have: 1) a large whiteboard, 2) good seating with a writing
surface (not little flap desks), 3) a projector that can easily be hooked up to Blackboard
(eg. through instructor's laptop), and a reasonable indoor environment (not too noisy,
dark, hot, wet, stuffy, etc.).
Government 101 - Add lecture capture
Document cameras in Rome/Philips/Monroe and other building languages are taught in.
We do in-class readings and I need to point to particular words and passages in the
reading.
lighitng and whiteboard in OM301. Very dim and whiteboard is too huge hence covers
the projector often and cannot move closer to students.
You absolutely need to get the temperature under control in Old Main 317. Further, more
more modern furniture would make the class atmosphere feel more current, and a
higher-resolution projector would all me to do more with what's projected.
Phillip B156. Better temperature control. Writeable laptop/tablet. AV system that doesn't
pick up signals from adjacent rooms.
reserve Elliott SChool classrooms ONLY for Elliott Shool classes
More whiteboards in Funger 103 and 108 would be nice (perhaps on the sides)
MV ACAD, entire third floor: 1) replace tiny desks with modular furniture--they are too
small for students' laptops. 2) outlets: students have to sit on the floor in front of the
class to recharge their laptops; 3) giant monitors in many rooms are only visible from
one "sweet spot," so they aren't very useful--projection screens would help. 4)
temperature control: air conditioners when in use are LOUD and prevent effective class
discussion
*NO* wifi for students!! It's a huge distraction in lecture classes.
Finding old fashioned seminar rooms with one center table around which 15 people can
sit is nearly impossible on this campus. It's a huge problem Seminars are very hard to
run when students cannot look at each other as they discuss. Plus, this should be
cheap!!
make the seats movable, and not just chairs on tables.
Occasionally need to use a classroom which has multiple wired computers.
Need more seminar rooms with big central table that 12-18 people can sit around.
Doctoral seminars are not about clickers and technology. They are about face to face
debate and discussion. Why is it so hard to get such a simple thing? I've been trying for
years.
While not crucial, the ability to change and save classroom computer settings would be
helpful. Relying on acadtech to set language setting has its limitations, especially if one
misses acadtech's deadline to make the changes. I've basically given up on relying on
them if I miss acadtech's deadline because it has been my experience that they are not
very helpful once you miss acadtechs deadline, which by the way was 2/1 for summer
courses.
Academic 312: This classroom urgently needs a better tech set-up. Rather than a
whiteboard with markers behind the teacher's desk, there should be electronic screens
that move up or down at the push of a button. A computer system should be set up at
the teacher's desk, not on a rolling cart. As explained, there are currently 17 students
using this room (it's really designed for 15.) The students have to sit in desks arranged in
a circle around the three walls of the room, since the fourth wall is covered by the
whiteboard. The TV set, on a rolling cart, is placed against one wall. The keyboard is
placed at knee-level. This means that every time I need the keyboard I have to kneel
down to use it, and when I ask students to come up to do something at the board they
need to kneel down as well. It's a completely unsuitable setup for frequent use, and
students have complained about this to me. I need to be able to project images on the
TV screen in every class. But the students sitting on the same side of the room as the
TV screen can't see it unless they move their desks forward, and it's awkward for them
to have to do this (besides, we shouldn't ask students to have to move their desks three
times a week whenever they come to class.) Even if I move the TV screen to the
middle of the room, this means some students on the other end of the room sitting
closest to the whiteboard can't see it. The best solution is to install electronic screens in
front of the whiteboard, I think.
the tv screens/computer carts in the Academic building classrooms on the Vern are too
big and unwieldy to maneuver and manage in such small classrooms. Also the ac units
are very loud in these buildings the only option is to turn them off, which makes it difficult
to maintain a comfortable room temp. The ac/heat units in Ames tend to be loud, too,
and the temp controls do not appear to do anything to actually allow you to control the
temp.
The gigantic TV monitors in Acad (most classrooms) are really the wrong technology.
They're in the way most of the time, too large for the seminar rooms (we can't even
make a circle around the room such that all students can see each other). The one in
Acad's large studio art room is apparently too dangerously attached to the wall to sit
under, making about 1/4 of the room unusable. White boards on two walls would be
more useful, with optional pull-down screens for projecting, and portable laptop
projectors we can easily check out on a daily basis, using our own laptops.
Rooms in Academic Building on MVC need temperature control. HVAC noise is also a
problem.
Several of the rooms in ACAD need multiple white boards and screens; almost all of
them need upgraded AC and heating.